Add support to get unused rules by both pre and post position (#22270)
demisto/content: Packs/PANOSPolicyOptimizer/ReleaseNotes/1_1_2.md

#### Integrations
##### PAN-OS Policy Optimizer

> - Added support to get rules by both pre and post position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to retrieve both pre and post rules in the ***pan-os-po-get-rules*** command when a *device-group* is configured.
```
